README.md, before:

# Simple Palindrome Application 
This application validates user input and decide if the entered string is a palindrome or not. If you don't know what the palindrome is please follow this [link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palindrome).

## Pre-requisities
1. `node` in version `v6.6.0` or compatible
2. `npm` in version `3.10.3` or compatible
3. Installed one of the supported browsers
    - Chrome (latest)
    - IE 11
5. Run `npm install` in main folder of project to download dependencies.

## How to run product
Run `npm run build` to build the product. Result of product is located in `dist` folder.

## How to develop
Run `npm run start` in main folder of project. It will start a web server that will serve the application at `http://localhost:8080` (by default)


## Todo
- Update a documentation how to run product. Probably some basic web server is enough. Should run production build.
- Production build
- Unit test
- E2E Tests. Use the solution from SV if possible.
- Implement a logic
- Style the application (atomic css probably the best but not necessary)
- implement palindrome function. As a library.
- Create a copy link for sent through email.
- Probably need of router because of link (not sure about it)
- visualize if the entered text is or is not a palindrome

Commit message:

Introduce production build with simple web server to run the product
 - updated DOC

README.md, after:

# Simple Palindrome Application 
This application validates user input and decide if the entered string is a palindrome or not. If you don't know what the palindrome is please follow this [link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palindrome).

## Pre-requisities
1. `node` in version `v6.6.0` or compatible
2. `npm` in version `3.10.3` or compatible
3. Installed one of the supported browsers
    - Chrome (latest)
    - IE 11
5. Run `npm install` in main folder of project to download dependencies.

## How to run product
1. Run `npm run build` to build the product. Result of product is located in `dist` folder.
2. Run `npm run start` to start a web server. See output and use one of the location in browser.

## How to develop
Run `npm run start:dev` in main folder of project. It will start a web server that will serve the application at `http://localhost:8080` (by default)

## Unit tests
Run `npm run test` this will perform a single run of all unit tests.

## E2E Tests
Run `npm run e2e:setup` to download necessary libraries. It will download webdriver for Chrome and IE.

Run `npm run webdriver:start` to start up local instance of selenium server. **Requires java on path**

Run `npm run e2e` to start the end-to-end tests.

## Todo
- Update a documentation how to run product. Probably some basic web server is enough. Should run production build.
